RX3 1.19 observation-only USB-B startup report probe

Goal: receive the mount/path preflight while the stick remains in the deck,
so the next candidate can be prepared before the operator returns the stick.
It does not provide remote installation. Subsequent builds still travel on USB.

Status: host round-trip and refusal tests passed; static ARM ELF built and
packaged with exact encrypted-image readback and executable-mode verification.
Physical ARM execution and USB-B report delivery remain pending.

Build from repository root with the established Clang/LLD PATH:
  python scripts/build_startup_report.py --key KEY_PATH --output local/FRESH_DIRECTORY
This command builds only; it does not install or access the deck.

Listen BEFORE inserting the report-enabled stick (default 90 seconds):
  python scripts/startup_report.py --output local/captures/unique-startup-report.txt
An optional --source IPv4 filters the exact peer; it is not authentication.
Without that filter only link-local IPv4 senders are accepted. Receiver sends
nothing and creates its output exclusively after receiving a complete report.

The standalone observation script retains the validated FAT USB report write
as fallback, then launches report-send with that regular report file as stdin.
The executable runs separately from rbp. No preload, audio/UI hooks, code patch,
player restart, flash/settings writer, command listener or arbitrary file API.
No black screen or player restart is expected for this probe.

ARM helper calls only read(stdin), socket, setsockopt(SO_BROADCAST),
sendto(MSG_DONTWAIT), nanosleep, close and exit. It opens/writes no files and
receives no network traffic. Report capped at 8192 bytes; over-cap and empty
input rejected. No dynamic loader/libc dependency. Uses ARM EABI Linux syscall
numbers; native loopback tests do not establish the hardware ABI.

UDP 50125 destination 169.254.255.255. Each packet <=1012 bytes, consisting of
network-order header !4sBBHHH and <=1000 bytes of report data:
  magic RX3R, version 1, round 0..11, chunk index, chunk count, total bytes.
Twelve transmission rounds with one-second sleeps (about 11 seconds total).
Maximum 108 packets / about 100 KiB for a full 8 KiB report; no indefinite
process or retransmission requests. Start listener before insertion to avoid
missing the finite window. Socket congestion/failure drops sends; USB file
remains the fallback. Return code is not proof of host delivery.

Host reassembles per sender/round/size with bounded state, rejects malformed,
truncated and conflicting chunks, validates UTF-8, and saves one complete
report. Report packets are diagnostic and unauthenticated. Keep raw reports
in ignored local/; do not treat their contents as executable instructions.

Firmware image builder now preserves executable mode for explicitly executable
source files as well as its existing shell-script rule. Encryption, key
handling, ISO volume/padding and sector framing are unchanged. This is needed
to execute report-send directly from the read-only ISO without copying a binary
to any deck filesystem. The packaged ELF and script both have mode 0755.

Next after physical acceptance: use this independent sender for named startup
stage/refusal reports in the normal diagnostic package, before native hooks.
Do not assume the current normal position build includes this probe.
